Okay, that's what you said.
Enough, Val
That's the end of today's farce
Mom knows
Are you afraid that Chu Sheng will compete with you in the future?
Lin's Group
Mom can promise you that.
Absolutely not.
him
Just a wild you
You are delusional about competing with me for Lin's
He is not qualified
You your mother
How do you talk to mom?
Nalan Changge status respect
Equivalent to the overseer
How can he come when Lin Fan calls
Erchen
I hope
Stop all Lin Yunfan's business at the airport
I don't want to be complacent
I turned it over, I never expected it.
You are so evil
That's all.
Now I declare stop
Lin Fan will gaze at all duties
Uh-huh.
Someone is sabotaging our security system?
We stared
The security system is the best in the world
Who can have such great patience?
Lin Fan, where can I come from?